Support global properties. Log is enabled by default now. (#73)
quarkus-qe/quarkus-test-framework: README.md

As seen in the above example, everything is bounded to a Service object that will contain everything needed to interact with our resources.

### Configuration

> Test modules allow to customise the configuration for running the test case via a `test.properties` file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Test modules allowed to customize the configuration for running the test case via a `test.properties` file placed under the `/resource` folder.
```

Author: Changed

The current configuration options are: 

- Enable/Disable logging (enabled by default):

```
ts.<YOUR SERVICE NAME>.log.enable=true
```

> Where `<YOUR SERVICE NAME>` is the scope of the configuration property. If you want to use the same property for all your services, there is a special scope called `global` for such purposes:

Author: Added some clarification around this.

> Where `<YOUR SERVICE NAME>` could be either `pingApp`, `pongApp` or `pingPongApp` following the Getting Started example. If you want to use the same property for all your services, there is a special scope called `global` for such purposes:

Reviewer: place Getting Started as a hyperlink to a chapter

Author: Done
